bully: add page (#9561)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/bully.md

# bully

> > Used to bruteforce WPS pin of a wireless access point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Brute-force the WPS pin of a wireless access point.
```
I think this would be better.

> Necessary information must be gathered with `airmon-ng` and `airodump-ng` before using `bully`.

> > More information: <https://www.kali.org/tools/bully/>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> More information: <https://salsa.debian.org/pkg-security-team/bully>.
```
This is the official repository with detailed documentation.

> - Display help information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Display help:
```
This is what we use for help command across all our places. Also, can you move this command to last?

Author: Sure

> - Crack the password:
> 
> `bully --bssid {{mac}} --channel {{channel}} --bruteforce {{interface}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Crack the password:

`bully --bssid "{{mac}}" --channel "{{channel}}" --bruteforce "{{interface}}"`
```

- Optional fix: `a` may sound better.
- Optional fix: possible unsafe strings: `{{mac}}`, `{{channel}}`, `{{interface}}` can be quoted if they can contain some special characters to POSIX-like compatible shell.

Author: * I included `the` because MAC address obtained from previous steps is specific. What do you think? 🤔

Reviewer 2: As a reviewer I don't see previous steps (which are previous code examples in my interpretation). If you think that `the` is more correct here - just leave it as it is. That's why I've used optional suggestion and didn't mandate you to fix this code description.

You can partially apply my suggestion: at the first step use it completely and then revert `the` -> `a` change.

Or I can just change my suggestion. :)

- Crack the password:

> `bully --bssid {{mac}} --channel {{channel}} --bruteforce {{interface}}`

Reviewer: Shouldn't it be `--channel N {{channel}}` (How about mentioning the number in the placeholder instead?

Ref: `-c, --channel N[,N...] : Channel number of AP, or list to hop [b/g]`

Author: It's better if someone can assist here 😄
